Improve documentation from first experience (#5)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-ble-fota: MCUboot/README.md

# MCUBoot Example

This demo application extends the [Mock](../Mock) example by including a bootloader based on [MCUboot](https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot). 

> **Note**: For more information on the MCUboot port for Mbed™ OS, please click [here](https://mcu-tools.github.io/mcuboot/readme-mbed.html). And, click [here](https://github.com/AGlass0fMilk/mbed-mcuboot-blinky) for an MCUboot/Mbed™ OS blinky example by [AGlassOfMilk](https://github.com/AGlass0fMilk).

## Pre-requisites

> To use the Python client, the host computer must have Bluetooth capabilites, either through an inbuilt chipset or via an external USB adapter. This application requires the [NRF52840_DK](https://os.mbed.com/platforms/Nordic-nRF52840-DK/) platform to run; currently, the build tool only supports this platform. You will also need the [GNU ARM Embedded](https://developer.arm.com/tools-and-software/open-source-software/developer-tools/gnu-toolchain/gnu-rm) toolchain and `python3` in your path to build the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Python client, the host computer must have Bluetooth capabilities, either through an inbuilt chipset or via an external USB adapter.

This application requires the [NRF52840_DK](https://os.mbed.com/platforms/Nordic-nRF52840-DK/) platform to run.

You will also need the [GNU ARM Embedded](https://developer.arm.com/tools-and-software/open-source-software/developer-tools/gnu-toolchain/gnu-rm) toolchain and `python3` in your path to build the example.
```

> **Important**: For macOS users, your terminal emulator would have to be granted access to Bluetooth through `System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Pirvacy > Bluetooth`. Click on the padlock to make changes and check the box next to your terminal app. If the app is missing from the menu, click on the `+` icon to add your terminal app to the list.

If you chose to auto-update the `application/mbed_app.json` file, then the [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) command-line JSON processor is a required dependency that will need to be installed manually.

## Build

To build the example, please run the following command from the repository root. To view more information on the steps involved in the build, please refer to the comments in [mcuboot.sh](../scripts/mcuboot.sh).
```shell
./scripts/fota.sh -e=mcuboot
```
> **Note**: You can build the example without a connected target board. The script indicates the location of the factory firmware and the update binary. The factory firmware would have to be flashed manually when the target board is indeed connected later. The update binary would be used in the demonstration stage.

## Demonstration

> Please make sure to activate the virtual environment, located in the root folder, before proceeding further. Also, ensure that the target board is connected and has been flashed with the factory firmware from the build stage.

Reviewer: add a 
   ```shell
  block
   ```
showing how to do that

Author: Would this be for the "Please make sure..." part? If yes, I could do a quote section as follows:
> **Important**: Please make sure...

Reviewer: You're on holiday. Stop.

1. Open a serial terminal on the host computer to receive serial prints from the _FOTA target_:
   ```shell 
   mbed term -b 115200
   ```
2. In a separate shell window, run the test script from the client directory:
   ```shell

>    python client.py

Reviewer: why did you remove the path? the file is still in the same path, no?

Author: Yep, the file is in the same path. I've mentioned in the steps that the script should be run from **within the client directory**. I noticed an issue earlier when trying to run it from mock/mcuboot directory - it doesn't seem to work as evidenced by the screenshot below. You can see that once I `cd` into the client directory and run the script again, it works. My guess is that this has something to do with `logging.conf`. I think [Noonfom](https://github.com/noonfom) might be able to provide a bit more insight into this once he's back from holiday. 

<img width="1051" alt="CleanShot 2021-08-06 at 10 36 26@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31354721/128490699-4c337fec-87f6-48f5-8f4f-2bdaad799f80.png">

   ```

   It scans for a device named _"FOTA"_ and attempts to connect to it.
   Once connected, it asks the user to enter the path to the binary.
   Please enter the path to the signed update binary.

   ```

>    Enter the path to the binary: ../target/bootloader/signed_update.bin

Reviewer: why the added .. ? is target outside of the MCUboot direcotry?

Author: Nope, the target is still located in the mcuboot directory - I haven't touched the directory structure for both examples. Since the script is invoked from the client directory, the end-user would need to provide a relative path to the target - hence the `..`.
